== Preface

This application was developed by http://medlar.it/ http://mikamai.com/ http://adelao.it/ and
http://lime5.it/, reached a hiatus and its source code is now released in the public domain.
Of course, forks and contributions are accepted and endorsed.

This source tree contains a fully configured and working Rails 2.2 application, that can be
used by young developers to learn how a production Rails app is built and implemented.

The frontend is not complete, because the work on this app has been stopped abruptly, but
most of the backend works.

You'll find API keys, passwords and IPs in the sources, but don't bother trying to use them:
they're expired and no more valid :-). Full source and history have been preserved only for
educational purposes.


== Welcome to MEWSIC

The mewsic application is a RESTful Rails 2.0 app that implements an open platform for
creating and composing music online. The whole mewsic infrastructure is composed of:

* This RESTful app, implementing the HTML/JS frontend and the core backend
* The uploader app, for long-running encoding tasks, located on github at
  http://github.com/mewsic/mewsic-uploader;
* 4 SWF components that consume the services of both apps, located on github;
* A Red5 instance, that interacts with the uploader app and the multitrack.

This app implements most of the business logic, while the multitrack-server one handles file
uploads and MP3 encoding and downmixing using ffmpeg (http://ffmpeg.mplayerhq.hu) and sox
(http://sox.sf.net).

== Required software

* Ruby >= 1.8.6, Rubygems >= 1.3
* The freeimage library (http://freeimage.sf.net)
* The following gems: Rails == 2.2.2, image_science >= 1.1.3, mongrel, redgreen, ruby-debug, mime-types and wirble
* The Sphinx full text search engine (http://sphinxsearch.com/)

== Quickstart

* Clone the git repository (git clone git://github.com/mewsic/mewsic.git)
* Create a config/database.yml (example in config/database.yml.example)
* Create the mewsic_development, mewsic_test and mewsic_production DBs
* Verify that database connectivity is working by running script/console
* Issue rake mewsic:initialize
* Run ruby script/server and connect to http://localhost:3000/ and you're set.

== Goodies

The "mewsic:initialize" rake task is a shorthand for 
* rake db:migrate               - migrates the database schema to the latest version
* rake mewsic:fixtures:load   - loads all the fixtures as example data in the DB
* rake mewsic:flash:update    - downloads the latest SWFs from the online site
* rake mewsic:videos:download - downloads all the videos from the online site
* rake mewsic:sphinx:config   - generates the sphinx config file using database.yml

Other useful tasks are defined in lib/tasks/utils.rake:
* rake mewsic:sphinx:start    - starts the sphinx daemon
* rake mewsic:sphinx:stop     - stops the sphinx daemon
* rake mewsic:sphinx:rehash   - rebuilds the sphinx index
* rake mewsic:clean_up_mp3s   - cleans up unreferenced mp3s in ENV['MP3DIR']
* rake mewsic:update_friends_count
* rake mewsic:update_replies_count

Enjoy!
