mandolin               chordophones
double_bass            chordophones
nylon_stringed_guitar  chordophones
steel_stringed_guitar  chordophones
acoustic_bass          chordophones
electric_bass          chordophones
electric_guitar        chordophones
harpischord            chordophones
piano                  chordophones
electric_piano         chordophones
violin                 chordophones
viola                  chordophones
cello                  chordophones
harmonica              aerophones
xylophone              idiophones
castanets              idiophones
maracas                idiophones
djembe                 membranophones
bongos                 membranophones
conga                  membranophones
clarinet               aerophones
saxophone              aerophones
tuba                   aerophones
trumpet                aerophones
transverse_flute       aerophones
recorder               aerophones
accordion              aerophones
bassoon                aerophones
turntables             electrophones
electronic_drums       electrophones
synth                  electrophones
drum_machine           electrophones
voice
harp                   chordophones
drums                  membranophones
